C++ programming language, and there's of course lots and lots of those.
C++ is a language that is used for the foundational parts of just about anything we do.
It's the stuff that sticks in-between the higher level software and the hardware,
and that's a much bigger part of the world than most people think.
So, we're having our picture taken with a camera.
There's software in that,
it's almost certainly C++.
As a recording equipment will quite often have C++ in it.
So will the amplification and such that you use to replay this,
and C++ started out in the telecommunications industry.
So of course, it's all over the phones and
the transmission of television and inside your cell phone and all of these places.
If you look at other programming languages,
they tend to be implemented in C++.
So if you use Java or JavaScript,
they're running on a piece that's C++ skipping running and so it's basically everywhere.
I was sad to see that the Opportunity Rover just died
this week and it had C++ in it because well,
it was doing photography, recording,
communications and also the autonomous driving subsystem or C++.
So yeah, it's fun.